# Docker icon for font awesome

Usage:

	<i class="fa fa-docker"></i>

![](http://wes.io/Vfcs/content)


### Legit

Docker had me sign this so this logo is okay to use as long as you:

**LICENSE_README.TXT – Docker Community Logo (2015-12-1)**

License and Terms of Use for Docker Community Logo
Thank you for participating in the Docker community. We’ve created
a special logo image that you can use to show that your project(s)
are part of the community. But not everyone plays nice with images
like this, so to protect the community and the integrity of our
images, we need your agreement to a few ground rules.
This file states the terms and conditions under which Docker grants
to the end user who has downloaded (that’s “you”) the accompanying
image file(s) of the Docker Community Logo (we’ll call it the
“Logo”). By downloading, opening and using the file(s), you are
agreeing to the following terms and conditions. If you do not agree
to the following terms and conditions, do not download, open or use
the Logo.
The Logo is a copyrighted original work of authorship of Docker,
Inc. Docker hereby grants you a personal, paid-up, royalty-free
license to use, reproduce in copies, modify and create derivative
works, and display the Logo for personal, informational and
educational purposes, but not for commercial projects. This means
that for your personal projects, you can display the Logo, let
others view it, change it to adapt it to your projects, and make
copies on your computers. If others want to do the same thing,
though, they need to get the Logo from us, and agree to these
terms.
You can modify the Logo by changing colors, adding text, or adding
graphics, for example. These changes need to be reasonably good
looking in appearance, and nice in appearance, in our opinion. You
agree that any changes won’t be obscene or offensive to a
reasonable person. If you’re in doubt, dial it back. If you go
overboard, in our sole opinion, we can terminate your license.
Stated formally, Docker reserves the right to terminate this
license in its sole discretion at any time for any reason,
including but not limited to business considerations, use for
purposes other than specified herein, or disapproval of the
modification to the Logo.
You don’t acquire trademark rights in the Logo, or in any
modification or derivation that is substantially similar, or
indistinguishable to a consumer. This is a limited license, and we
are not selling or transferring any rights, files or images to you.
Enjoy using the Logo and thanks for contributing to the Docker
community!
